#compdef launchctl

_commands=(
"bootstrap:Bootstraps a domain or a service into a domain."
"bootout:Tears down a domain or removes a service from a domain."
"enable:Enables an existing service."
"disable:Disables an existing service."
"uncache:Removes the specified service name from the service cache."
"kickstart:Forces an existing service to start."
"attach:Attach the system's debugger to a service."
"debug:Configures the next invocation of a service for debugging."
"kill:Sends a signal to the service instance."
"blame:Prints the reason a service is running."
"print:Prints a description of a domain or service."
"print-cache:Prints information about the service cache."
"print-disabled:Prints which services are disabled."
"plist:Prints a property list embedded in a binary (targets the Info.plist by default)."
"procinfo:Prints port information about a process."
"hostinfo:Prints port information about the host."
"resolveport:Resolves a port name from a process to an endpoint in launchd."
"limit:Reads or modifies launchd's resource limits."
"runstats:Prints performance statistics for a service."
"examine:Runs the specified analysis tool against launchd in a non-reentrant manner."
"config:Modifies persistent configuration parameters for launchd domains."
"dumpstate:Dumps launchd state to stdout."
"dumpjpcategory:Dumps the jetsam properties category for all services."
"reboot:Initiates a system reboot of the specified type."
"bootshell:Brings the system up from single-user mode with a console shell."
"load:Bootstraps a service or directory of services."
"unload:Unloads a service or directory of services."
"remove:Unloads the specified service name."
"list:Lists information about services."
"start:Starts the specified service."
"stop:Stops the specified service if it is running."
"setenv:Sets the specified environment variables for all services within the domain."
"unsetenv:Unsets the specified environment variables for all services within the domain."
"getenv:Gets the value of an environment variable from within launchd."
"bsexec:Execute a program in another process' bootstrap context."
"asuser:Execute a program in the bootstrap context of a given user."
"submit:Submit a basic job from the command line."
"managerpid:Prints the PID of the launchd controlling the session."
"manageruid:Prints the UID of the current launchd session."
"managername:Prints the name of the current launchd session."
"error:Prints a description of an error."
"variant:Prints the launchd variant."
"version:Prints the launchd version."
"help:Prints the usage for a given subcommand."
)

if (( CURRENT == 2 ));then
        _describe -t commands "subcommands" _commands
fi

